Title: Chinese stir fry with rice noodles, Ingredients: 1. 100g rice vermicelli 2. 300g peeled and frozen shrimp, thawed 3. ½ large onion, thinly sliced 4. 1 small carrot, julienned 5. 3-5 green bell peppers, deseeded and thinly sliced 6. 1 large sausage, sliced 7. 1 clove garlic, minced 8. 2 spring onions, chopped 9. 1 tsp dried chili flakes 10. 1 tsp curry powder 11. ½ tsp salt 12. 1 tbsp cooking oil 13. 1 cup hot water 14. 1 tsp oyster sauce, Steps: 1. The above are all the necessary ingredients. 2. You must use curry powder, which can be bought in general supermarkets. You cannot substitute it for a curry cube. 3. Soak the vermicelli in cold water for 10-15 minutes. 4. Heat the oil in a wok and fry the spring onions, garlic and chili on low heat until fragrant. 5. Add the shrimp to the wok and fry for 3-5 minutes. 6. Add the onion, carrot and bell pepper, and fry for 3-5 minutes. 7. Add sausage, salt, curry powder and water. 8. When vegetables are cooked, add the soaked and drained vermicelli and fry. Add oil if necessary. 9. Stir fry the vermicelli for 2-3 minutes. Season with oyster sauce. 10. Add salt and curry powder to taste.
Title: egg fried rice, Ingredients: half a carrot 2 eggs half a cucumber half small red onion half a sausage cooked rice, Steps: Finely dice onion, cucumber, and sausage. Mince carrot. Whisk egg, then stirfry in a pan until cooked. Remove from pan. Add oil to the pan and cook onion until fragrant, then add carrots and cucumber until cucumber turns transparent. Add rice and stir fry until evenly distributed, then add sausage and eggs. Add salt to taste and serve
Title: Cold noodles with shredded chicken, Ingredients: 1. 1 chicken leg 2. 1 cucumber, julienned 3. 150 g ramen noodles  4. 1 tbsp vegetable oil  5. 1 tsp chilli flakes (or according to one's preference) 6. 1 tsp sesame paste 7. 1 tsp sliced ginger and 1 tsp grated ginger 8 1 tsp grated garlic 9. 1 tsp sugar 10. 1 tbsp soy sauce 11. 1 tbsp vinegar 12. 1 spring onion, chopped 13. 1 tbsp mirin 14. Salt and pepper (to taste) , Steps: 1. Wash the chicken leg and add to a pot. 2. Add the cooking wine, sliced ginger, spring onion into the pot, add 500 ml water, cook on high heat until the water is boiling.  3. Lower the heat, cook for 20 minutes and set the chicken leg aside. 4. When the chicken leg is cooled, shred it. 5. To cook the noodles: fill another pot with water, add salt and cook on high heat. When the water is boiling, add noddles. When almost cooked, remove the noodles and rinse under cold water. Add oil and mix well. 6. For the sauce: add cucumber to a bowl, add noodles, shredded chicken, oil, chilli flakes, grated ginger, garlic, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar. Mix well and serve.
Title: beansprout salad, Ingredients: beansprout carrot spinach salt vinegar garlic ginger pepper olive oil, Steps: Finely slice carrots. Blanch beansprouts, carrots, and spinach in boiling water briefly, then drain. Add minced garlic and sliced ginger on top, then add seasoning. Mix to combine. 
Title: pork and sauerkraut dumplings, Ingredients: 500 g sauerkraut 500 g minced pork 750 g bread flour half onion salt , Steps: finely chop sauerkraut and onion, then mix with minced pork. Add salt to taste. Make a dough from flour and water, or purchase premade dumpling or wonton wrappers. Make dumplings with filling  and boil until cooked. 
Title: simple salt baked chicken, Ingredients: whole chicken half head of garlic 1 onion salt, Steps: Rub the outside of the chicken with salt and leave to marinate for 10-30 minutes. Chop garlic and onion and stick them inside the chicken. Roast in a 200 C oven for 45-60 minutes or until juices run clear when pierced with a knife. 
Title: Chinese Tiger Salad, Ingredients: Salad: 1. 1 green chili pepper 2. 1 cup cilantro , thick stems removed 3. 2 green onions Dressing: 1. 1 1/2 tablespoons rice vinegar 2. 1/2 teaspoon salt 3. 1 1/2 teaspoons sesame oil 4. 1/2 teaspoon soy sauce, Steps: 1.  Thinly slice the chili pepper and the green onions in a diagonal. Chopped the cilantro into 1”(2.5 cm) pieces. 2. Combine the vegetables in a large bowl. 3. Season with vinegar, salt, soy sauce and sesame oil.
Title: salt and pepper shrimp, Ingredients: 1 kg shrimp 10 g black pepper 5 g salt 100 g cornstarch 50 g flour, Steps: Mix cornstarch and flour with water to make a batter, then add salt and pepper. Cover cleaned shrimp in batter Fry in batches 
Title: Smashed cucumber sald, Ingredients: 2 cucumbers 30 g soy sauce 30 g rice vinegar (balsamic okay) 15 g sugar 15 g salt 5 g chili oil 5 g sichuan pepper oil (optional) several garlic cloves, Steps: Wash the cucumber, then smash it on a chopping board with the flat side of a cleaver Chop the smashed cucumber into small pieces Smash garlic in a mortar and pestle until pureed Make the salad dressing by mixing approximately 30 g soy sauce, 30 g vinegar, 15 g sugar, 5 g chili oil, 5 g sichuan pepper oil, and salt to taste. Add smashed garlic.  Combine dressing with cucumber and refrigerate for 20 minutes for the flavours to meld together. 
Title: Beef and potato stew, Ingredients: potato beef brisket oil pepper salt garlic onion red wine beef stock, Steps: Chop the beef into small pieces. Cook in a pan with oil to sear the outside.  Remove the beef from the pan and cook onion and garlic in oil until fragrant. Add beef back in, plus enough red wine and beef stock until the meat is covered. Add roughly diced potatoes. Cook covered on the stove for 1 hour until cooked through. Alternatively the pan can be covered and cooked in the oven, or cooked in the pressure cooker. 
Title: Sweet Red Bean Soup, Ingredients: 1. 2 cups dried adzuki beans 2. 1/2 cup sugar 3. 1 inch fresh ginger, Steps: 1. Soak the beans in water for 8 hours. 2. Drain the beans and put in a medium-sized pot. 3. Peel and julienne the ginger, and add it to the pot. 4. Add 6 cups of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, stir, lower the heat and let simmer for 30 minutes.
Title: Sichuan-style twice cooked pork, Ingredients: 1. 400g pork belly 2. 1 green bell pepper 3.  2 tsp chili sauce 4. ½ thumb ginger, sliced 5. 2 tbsp cooking wine 6. 1 tsp sugar 7. 8 Sichuan peppercorns, or black peppercorn, Steps: 1. Rinse the pork belly in cold water. Fill a pot with water, add ginger, peppercorns, 1 tbsp of the cooking wine and pork belly. Bring to a boil and simmer for 25-30 minutes. 2. Remove pork belly from the pot, and rinse under cold water, drain, and cut into 1-2mm slices. Set aside. Slice the pepper and set aside. 3. Heat the oil in a wok, lower the heat and arrange the meat slices evenly. 4. Add 1 tbsp of the cooking wine. Fry the meat until slightly browned. 5. Add chili sauce and fry on medium heat. Add sliced green pepper and sugar. Stir well. 6. When the green pepper is cooked, turn off the heat. 7. Serve and enjoy.
Title: Chinese-Style Deep Fried Eggplant, Ingredients: 1. 1 eggplant 2. 1 clove garlic 3. 2 scallion 4. 1 inch ginger 5. 1/2 tsp salt 6. 2 tsp sugar 7. 3 tsp vinegar 8. 1 tsp chili sauce 9. 3 tsp soy sauce 10. 1 tsp cooking wine 11. 1 cup and 1 tsp white flour 12. oil for deep frying, Steps: 1. Fill a small saucepan with oil and heat to 365°F; ensure the oil is hot enough by using a thermometer. 2. Put 1 cup flour in a bowl. Cut eggplant to thick strips, cover with flour and fry on medium heat until golden. 3. Move the eggplant to a separate pan on medium heat. 4. Add chili sauce to and lower the heat. 5. Add ginger, scallion and garlic. Sauté until fragrant. Add cooking wine and cook until the wine is reduced. 6. Mix 1/2 tsp salt, 2 tsp sugar, 3 tsp soy sauce, 3 tsp vinegar, 1 tsp flour in a bowl. Adjust salt to taste since soy sauce is also salty. 7. Lay the fried eggplant in the sauce and serve on a plate.
Title: Fried rice with soy sauce, Ingredients: 1. 1 c white rice, cooked and chilled 2. 2 tbsp soy sauce 3. 1 tbsp vegetable oil 4. Optional: chopped vegetables of your choosing, Steps: 1. Add the oil to a pot, add the rice and stir well, add the soy sauce, cook on low heat and stir until combined. 2. Add the vegetables if you like. It's also delicious without vegetables.
Title: hand-cut noodle soup, Ingredients: 400 g flour water 1 g salt 1 small bunch chives 2 eggs 2 tablespoon soy sauce 1 teaspoon oilve oil , Steps: Combine flour and salt with enough water to form a dough Roll out the dough to a thin sheet, then fold and slice to form hand-cut noodles Finely chop chives, put in a bowl with soy sauce and oil Whisk eggs and cook in a pan, then take out and combine with seasoning in the bowl Boil water and cook noodles  To serve, drain noodles and put in a bowl, add seasoning. 
Title: Millet porridge, Ingredients: 1. 1/3 cup millet, washed and drained 2. 3/4 cup water, Steps: 1. Boil water in a small saucepan on high heat. 2. Add the millet to the saucepan. 3. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until thick. 4. Serve.
Title: Crispy tofu and vegetable stirfry, Ingredients: 1 pack soft tofu 30 g onion 2 mushrooms 20 g carrots 2 cloves garlic cornstarch 15 g soy sauce 8 g oyster sauce 6 g sugar 1 g salt 1 g bouillon, Steps: Gently slice tofu into large cubes, then evenly cover with cornstarch. Deep fry tofu pieces in oil making sure to leave plenty of space between them Dice onion, carrots, and mushrooms, then stir-fry in hot oil until cooked through. Add fried tofu pieces, then soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, salt, and bouillon. Thicken the sauce with starch if desired. 
Title: BBQ ribs, Ingredients: BBQ sauce  Ribs, Steps: Marinate ribs in BBQ sauce for one hour Preheat oven to 220 C Place ribs on baking tray covered in foil, place in the middle rack and cook for 35 minutes until done. 
Title: Chinese Spring Rolls, Ingredients: 1. 375g spring roll wrappers 2. 500g fresh spinach, finely chopped 3. 250g vegetable oil 4. 1 egg 5. 1 1/2 tsp salt 6. 375g  finely shredded pork loin, Steps: 1. Mix the spinach with the pork. Add seasoning and egg. Stir well. 2. Fold the wrappers with the filling according to the picture. 3. Heat oil in a medium-sized pot over medium eat. Fry the spring rolls until golden on both sides.
Title: spicy stir-fried pork with chile, Ingredients: pork belly jalepeno peppers ginger garlic soy sauce oil salt green onion or leek, Steps: thinly slice pork belly, cut peppers and green onion into  large pieces, slice ginger and garlic Broil or heat jalapeno pepper pieces over a gas flame until the skin starts to blister Add ginger, garlic, and green onion to a wok with some oil and stir-fry until fragrant. Remove and add sliced pork to the wok to stir fry briefly, then add ginger, garlic, and green onion back in. Add soy sauce for colour, then add jalepeno peppers  and stir-fry until cooked. Add salt for seasoning.  
Title: Chicken noodle soup, Ingredients: chicken broth cooked chicken breast noodles leafy vegetables mushrooms green onion or parsley, Steps: Heat broth in a pot with salt to taste. Shread chicken meat and all to the broth.  Boil water in a separate pot, first pre-cook the leafy vegetables and sliced mushrooms. Then remove the vegetables and cook noodles in the water.  To serve, put noodles in a bowl, add vegetables, then ladle soup on top. Add green onion or parsley as garnish
Title: Tomato and egg stir fry noodles, Ingredients: 1. 1 tomato 2. 2 eggs 3. 1 spring onion 4. 1 package ramen noodles 5. 10 ml vegetable oil 6. 1 bouillon cube 7. 1 tsp soy sauce 8. 1 tsp chilli sauce, Steps: 1. Finely slice the spring onion and the tomato.  2. Heat a pot over high heat, add the oil and fry the spring onion and the tomato until the tomato is soft. 3. Add 500 ml water. 4. When the water is boiling, crack the eggs and add them to the pot.  5. When the eggs are almost cooked, add the noodles, soy sauce, chilli sauce and the bouillon cube. 6. Stir the noodles well and turn off the heat after 15 seconds.  7. Serve hot and enjoy.
Title: tomato and egg soup, Ingredients: 1 tomato 1 egg 1 green onion bouillon salt potato starch , Steps: Blanch the tomato to remove the skin, then cut into slices. Break the egg in a bowl and whisk with a fork. Slice green onion into rings. In an oiled pot, cook tomato slices briefly, then add water or stock. Dilute potato starch in water then add slurry to the soup and mix well. Add salt and bouillon to taste. Drizzle egg mixture into the hot soup then turn off the heat. Add green onion and serve. 
Title: Sour dumpling soup, Ingredients: Frozen dumplings vinegar soy sauce chili sauce cilantro green onion, Steps: Boil water and cook frozen dumplings Combine seasoning to taste in a large soup bowl Add cooked dumplings with cooking water to the soup bowl and serve
Title: spicy beef pasta, Ingredients: 2 kg beef brisket 3 tomatoes 1 onion 3 cloves garlic 2 tablespoon tomato paste 1 tsp sugar spaghetti or other long pasta parsley, Steps: Roughly chop beef brisket into small pieces Cook onion and garlic in olive oil until fragrant, then add beef and cook until the outside is browned. Add red wine, chopped tomato, tomato paste, and sugar, cover the pan and cook on low heat for 40 minutes until cooked. Cook pasta according to instructions. Serve with sauce and parsley to garnish.  
